- 👋 Hi, I’m @Culinary-DAO
- 👀 I’m interested in ... Culinary activities, web3, blockchain technologies.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ... 
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ... 
- 📫 How to reach me ...
theculinarydao8@gmail.com

https://t.me/Culinarydao


Touch and hold a clip to pin it. Unpinned clips will be deleted after 1 hour.Welcome to Gboard clipboard, any text that you copy will be saved here.Use the edit icon to pin, add or delete clips.

<!---
Culinary-DAO/Culinary-DAO is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
Culinary DAO

SUMMARY

Food is a unifying force regardless of the race and culture. It is also a part of our everyday lives. But above all food is also an art, and that is why the Culinary DAO exist to publicize the benefits of adopting web3 solutions and onboard talents who can build on Near through culinary activities.



VALUE PROPOSITION

INTRODUCTION
Billions worth of food business transactions take place all over the World, and this is because food is essential to the survival of humans. 
Food has huge followership, therefore making it a powerful instrument to achieve mass adoption of blockchain technologies. The Culinary has many professions such as Chefs, Cooks, Food Scientist, Nutritionist,  etc and each profession has thousands of professionals. Culinary has a whole world of opportunities that has not been explored. 

  

WHAT WE OFFER
NFTS
Minting of food and drinks related NFTs. We intend to partner with already established restaurants all over the world, mint their meals as NFTS,  so that this NFTs are linked with real life meals, a purchase of the NFT will get the buyer a real life meal. The aim is to get people to adopt the use of crypto tokens in their daily transactions. 
We also intend to have a e-commerce store that features culinary wares linked to NFTS. 
Organising of Culinary event with NFT ticketing. 
Production and minting of Culinary related Magazines with web3 news and educational materials.
Minting of 'Cubo' a comic character that has a blend of culinary and web3 features.
Minting of special recipes.

Partnering with other DAOs 
One of our goals as a community is to build a healthy collaborations with other DAOs, while working together to build a bigger and stronger Near web3 community. This is why we are starting a project that will enable us to collaborate with a good number of existing DAOs.

Using culinary activities as an onboarding tool. 
The list of people to onboard is limitless, starting form the regular food lover, Chefs, Cooks, Dieticians, Food scientists, Food technologists, Bartenders, etc. 

Sponsoring of culinary related projects.

Metaverse
We intend to have  our own space on Nearhub.

Creating a world-class culinary show with huge attendees on the metaverse. That will feature: Food and Drinks Tourism, food Competitions, live games, interviews on food and nutrition, wine talk, Restaurant feature...

Feeding Intiatives

Gaming
We have plans to to create a comic character. This character will be a perfect blend of what culinary and web3 stands for. This character will later be developed into a game.

Culinary DAO Team
Hephzibah Benjamin-Elson
A crypto enthusiast and investor. Been involved in Culinary activities since year 2005, and owns a catering and event planning outfit. I have once worked as an on air personality and hosted a food show on a Television station.
Gabriel Areje
Gabriel is a crypto enthusiast and investor, content creator and entrepreneur and community and social media manager. Been involved in Culinary activities since 2014.
He's been involved in building NFT projects and Web 3 communities in no less than 2 Blockchains.

Michael Ohens
A business development and digital policy expert. He is also a literature buff and an adept writer who has written several articles and poems. Having recently written an article on Web3 for Near magazine, he is actively involved in educating people on blockchain technology and crypto currency.

Roadmap
Present
 We have started with building our community. We have accounts on Instagra, YouTube, Tiktok, Tamastreams. Telegram and Discord. We have also had meetings with representatives from Nearhub to discourse the design and costing for our room on Nearhub. We have recorded some editions of Food And Drinks Tourism, and Interviews with  A Dietitian. We have also enboarded some cooks and food lovers. We kicked started a Can You Cook? Food Competition and we have gathered over 400 views on YouTube. We have done an edition of Restaurant Feature. 

The Next 6 Months
* Collaborations with 3 DAOs within the Ecosystem.
 
* Building of our room on Nearhub

* Building of Culinary DAO's website.

* Onboarding events in 3 countries.

* Launching of our NFT intiatives.

* 3 Editions of Can You Cook? Food Competition.

* Launching of our Food show.

* 1 Community service event.

* 1 seminar and training.

* Production and minting of the first edition of our magazine.

* Production of audio recipes.

* Production of of our first $50 Cubo' NFTs and first 2 series of written, audio, and animations of 'Cubo'.
